Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[soft romantic music playing]
[The Artist] Have you ever heard
the story...
of Alida and Taroo?
It's an old Puerto Rican myth
about star-crossed lovers
from two warring Taíno tribes.
They tried to hide their romance.
But their love shined too bright.
Alida's father found out and. furious.
ordered her to marry another.
Heartbroken.
Alida turned to the gods
to save her from this fate.
So they turned her into a red flower.
Taroo found out
and sank into a deep despair.
He begged the gods to help him find her.
So they turned him into a hummingbird.
Now it is said.
whenever you see a hummingbird.
flitting from flower to flower.
it is Taroo.
searching for his true love.
My mother must've told me that story
a thousand times.
So when I was a little girl.
whenever someone asked me
what I wanted to be when I grew up.
my answer was always...
in love.
I wanna be in love.
But I learned the hard way
not all love stories have a happy ending.
[Rex Stone] Friends. we've become
a disconnected. survivalist.
spiritually. mentally broken animal.
A Furby suit of humanity.
All we do is slap sexy graphics
and theme songs
on videos
of people being assholes to one another.
We have no love for each other.
We have no love for ourselves.
[woman on PA] Attention.
this is not a drill.
Report to the lower chamber.
Repeat. Report to the lower chamber.
[♪ Jennifer Lopez: "Hearts and Flowers"]
It's gonna break!
[woman on PA] Petal level critical.
Heart rupture imminent.
Proceed to atrium.
♪ Wounded soulja ♪
♪ Lotus grows up ♪
♪ Diamonds from pressure ♪
♪ Time is precious ♪
♪ Blessings can blossom
From a broken child ♪
♪ Cold in the desert
But the sun will rise ♪
♪ You don't see the tears
I'm still all smiles ♪
♪ Put it on my back
'Cause I'm built for the miles ♪
♪ Can u make it thru the rain ♪
♪ Through the trauma and the pain ♪
♪ For the love and not the fame ♪
♪ The most priceless glass is stained ♪
♪ Hearts and flowers... ♪
[woman on PA] Petal supply fully depleted.
Do not evacuate.
[worker] There's nothing left.
They're all... dead.
♪ It ain't hearts and flowers ♪
♪ It ain't all hearts and flowers ♪
♪ So many nights and hours ♪
♪ Everyday of my life
In the grind faithfully ♪
♪ Superpowers ♪
♪ We all got superpowers ♪
♪ Before you see my life
And say I live the dream ♪
♪ Remember everything ain't
Always what it seems ♪
♪ But I'm still... ♪
[woman on PA] Systems malfunctioning.
Report to upper deck.
♪ I'm still ♪
♪ Beautiful lies a masquerade. mask up ♪
♪ Count me out
I'll find a way to the top top ♪
♪ See my life
And don't know what it takes no ♪
♪ Ask me what I'd change
Not a goddamn thang ♪
♪ 'Cause I made it through the rain ♪
♪ Through the trauma and the pain ♪
♪ For the love and not the fame ♪
♪ The most priceless glass is stained ♪
♪ It ain't hearts and flowers ♪
♪ It ain't all hearts and flowers ♪
♪ So many nights and hours ♪
♪ Everyday of my life
In the grind faithfully ♪
♪ Superpowers ♪
♪ We all got superpowers ♪
♪ Before you see my life
And say I live the dream ♪
♪ Remember everything ain't
Always what it seems... ♪
[woman on PA] Heart factory shutdown.
Systems malfunctioning.
♪ I'm still... ♪
[woman on PA] Systems malfunctioning.
Danger.
♪ When you're wishin' on a star ♪
♪ It seems easy from where they are ♪
♪ They'll be watching from afar ♪
♪ Just remember yeah who you are... ♪
[woman on PA] Heart access granted.
♪ Now she got even more than she had ♪
♪ Now she got hella haters
And they hella mad ♪
♪ They see it's the same ol' Jenny
Wanna block me ♪
♪ Paparazzi trying to make a move
Like they got me ♪
♪ Ask me how I did it now we at the top ♪
♪ Perfect timin'
Don't be fooled by the rocks I got ♪
♪ We be shinin'
Took it to another level ♪
♪ We be thrivin' I can set the tempo ♪
♪ For real though but y'all know ♪
♪ I'm still ♪
♪ Through the mud ♪
♪ Or through the rain ♪
♪ I'm still... ♪
[woman on PA] Core power supply
shutting down.
♪ Through the mud or through the rain ♪
♪ I'm still ♪
♪ It ain't hearts and flowers... ♪
[woman on PA] Sealing interior chamber.
♪ So many nights and hours ♪
♪ Everyday of my life
In the grind faithfully ♪
♪ Superpowers ♪
♪ We all got superpowers ♪
♪ Before you see my life
And say I live the dream ♪
♪ Remember everything ain't
Always what it seems... ♪
[woman on PA] Petal supply level zero.
Heart damage critical.
♪ I may have cried. may have doubted ♪
♪ But they'll never know
They'll never know ♪
[gasps]
[music slows down]
[The Artist sighs]
Love is dying.
[man] You know how much I love you.
[Joe] So that's when
the dream started. you think?
With that heartbreak?
Yeah.
Think so.
I-I had never felt anything
like that before.
Honestly. I thought I was gonna die.
These dreams. though.
Hearts. flowers. hummingbirds.
Zodiac fantasies.
You're such a Taurus.
What sign is your wife?
We're not here to talk about me.
Come on.
- Leo.
- [laughs]
You guys fight a lot. right?
Let's get back to you.
What about the new guy?
Well.
My friend Mike hates him.
The cynic?
People don't fall in love like that.
- Her heart just got crushed.
- ..."thank you. next".
And what if this guy's "the one"?
Not gonna lie.
this new guy is pretty fine.
Caught up with the bullshit
and the fairy tales.
Maybe your friends
are just trying to protect you.
What do you think?
Is it too soon?
[music plays on TV]
[Rex Stone on TV] In 2012.
the number one question people asked
was what is love?
As of today. the top ten questions are
what should I watch?
Where my refund?
How you like me now?
Why women kill?
Will I get laid?
Is Europe a country?
How I screenshot a Mac?
Am I preg-erant?
And why my poop green?
What you're looking for is not out there.
The signs say we're a match.
That's you.
Libra.
And?
And...
Your meticulousness keeps me focused.
I'm meticulous?
Yeah. You know. you...
you can be particular.
Why do you listen to that crap?
Baby. what?
It's a compliment.
It just means
that you like everything perfect.
- [sighs]
- Perfect?
- Why do you-- Ouch!
- Hey! Is this perfect?
- Is this perfect. huh?
- It's too-- Stop!
Stop what? [grunts]
Huh?
Damn. Why do you always make me do this?
♪ We don't have to lie ♪
- Yeah. sorry.
- ♪ We know this is wrong ♪
♪ Someone on my mind ♪
♪ Got someone on my phone ♪
♪ If we gonna play house ♪
♪ Then I can play my role ♪
♪ Before it gets too deep ♪
♪ Don't wanna lead you on ♪
♪ Ran into your arms
While running from the pain ♪
♪ Ran past all the signs
Looking for something safe ♪
♪ Let you take advantage
So I could fill that space ♪
♪ Just another classic case ♪
♪ Got me on the rebound
Rebound. rebound ♪
♪ Catch me on the rebound
♪ We go up and down
We get lost and found ♪
♪ We go round and round
We fall in and out ♪
♪ Out here playing a game
that can't neither one of us win ♪
♪ We're just shootin' shots
That ain't even touchin' the rim ♪
♪ I can't force the love
When I'm only thinking of him ♪
♪ You know what I want
You know where I been ♪
♪ I only ♪
♪ Ran into your arms
While running from the pain ♪
♪ Ran past all the signs
Looking for something safe ♪
♪ Let you take advantage
So I could fill that space ♪
♪ Just another classic case ♪
♪ Got me on that rebound
Rebound. rebound ♪
♪ Catch me on that rebound
♪ We go up and down
We get lost and found ♪
♪ We go round and round
We fall in and out ♪
♪ Got me on that rebound
Rebound. rebound ♪
♪ Catch me on that rebound
♪ We go up and down
We get lost and found ♪
♪ We go round and round
We fall in and out ♪
♪ I was really tryna swing
But this thing don't feel the same ♪
♪ I've been thinking ‘bout my baby
Past 360 days ♪
♪ Solo hit different
Now I'm wood grain whippin' ♪
♪ Outside. big tippin'
Outside. big tippin' ♪
♪ Put this song on repeat
Make ‘em take another listen ♪
♪ If you with somebody else
To get over you who missing ♪
♪ If the love ain't real
I can't really stick around... ♪
Let me in!
Hey. Open the door.
We're in the stars. right there.
Let me in! Open the door.
Hey. Star. Star!
Let me in.
Talk to me.
I love you!
♪ Got me on that rebound
Rebound. rebound ♪
♪ Catch me on that rebound
♪ We go up and down
We get lost and found ♪
♪ We go round and round
We fall in and out ♪
♪ Rebound. rebound. rebound ♪
♪ Catch me on that rebound
Rebound. rebound ♪
♪ We go up and down
We get lost and found ♪
♪ We go round and round
We fall in and out ♪
♪ Now don't sit over there
Lookin' like a victim ♪
♪ You know what it was ♪
♪ You grown. you made your choice ♪
♪ It is what it is ♪
Ay-yi-yi. [gasps]
Fuck Libras. [echoing] Libras.
I don't get it.
Libra and Leo are supposed to work.
It's a thing.
No. nobody likes a drunk boy.
What's with her and all the bad boys?
Could be daddy issues.
I think I can see my father's house
from here.
[skeptical] Mm.
She's smart. She's. she's beautiful.
And she seems so strong.
Why does she always
need to be with somebody?
- She's still searching.
- Mm-hmm.
She needs some stability
after all that emotional whiplash.
Oh. it's a damn shame.
Yeah. makes me super sad.
I just wanna giver her a big hug.
[skeptical] Mm-hmm.
We're sending her all the signs.
She just can't see what they mean.
It's no surprise.
Humans are self-sufficient.
Their technology has rendered us obsolete.
Speak for yourself.
Let's not give ourselves too much credit.
We are the Zodiacal Council.
But the stars hold all the power.
The stars can speak their minds.
but what is in the deepest recesses
of you heart...
Is ultimately what will manifest itself.
Sometimes I chew my hair.
Same!
You know what?
You would look hot in bangs.
Leo. always shooting your shot.
[Sagittarius] If it could
just get quiet for a while.
Be still.
Let her get out there and explore.
- Hmm.
- Yeah.
She'll learn.
What is she doing?
[scoffs] She is a glutton for punishment.
Oh. no. No. No. no. no. It's too soon!
[romantic music playing]
[man] Will you marry me?
Till death do us part.
I told you she couldn't be alone.
You may now kiss the bride.
[♪ Jennifer Lopez: "Can't Get Enough"]
She's doing it.
♪ I just wanna
I just feel like... ♪
- I bet you she thinks the rain's a sign.
- Oh. my God. stop.
♪ I just ooh hey ♪
♪ I feel like startin' something ♪
♪ You got my engine runnin' ♪
♪ You got the keys to turn me on and on ♪
♪ You got me acceleratin'
I want to celebrate it ♪
- ♪ Can't nothing take me out my zone ♪
- Hey!
♪ It's on ♪
♪ When it feels right
Nothing else matters ♪
♪ Is this real life too good to be true... ♪
[DJ] Let's give it up for the newlyweds!
It's that first dance. y'all.
Double or nothing?
- [DJ] Make some noise!
- ♪ I'm still in love with you ♪
♪ You know I can't get enough
I love that shit ♪
You love that shit ♪
♪ You know I can't get enough
Give me all that shit ♪
♪ Can't get enough... ♪
[DJ] How about some love?
Stop it.
♪ You know I can't get enough
Give me all that shit ♪
- ♪ Can't get enough of you ♪
- This guy don't stand a chance.
♪ I'm still in love ♪
♪ With you boy ♪
♪ I just wanna ♪
♪ I just feel like ♪
♪ Every time I see ya ♪
♪ It's like oh hey ♪
- Third time's the charm?
- Wanna bet?
♪ So good I can't believe it ♪
♪ Don't wanna share with no one else ♪
- ♪ You're always the one I needed ♪
- Stop stealing.
♪ Don't gotta keep a secret ♪
♪ But I let you keep me to yourself ♪
Okay. thank you.
[The Realist clears throat] Love is just...
I mean. love is just--
You guys know what love is. right?
You can't sit around waiting for love.
- You feel me?
- All right.
You're my girl!
I don't care who you love. All right?
Friendship is love.
- Speak up!
- Stop.
[The Lover] Everyone here said
you have a problem.
but I do not think you do.
He's very hot
and he has a good credit score.
Awkward. [huffs] Didn't prepare anything.
Um. didn't really expect this to happen.
[laughs awkwardly] Okay.
- Anyways. cheers.
- Cheers.
- You're beautiful!
- Cheers. Ah.
- For life.
- Okay.
- Okay. Cheers!
- ♪ 'Cause bae it feels like ♪
- Here we go!
- Who's next?
- ♪ Nothing else matters ♪
♪ Is this real life ♪
Don't catch it. it's cursed.
♪ Take me all night ♪
♪ I can feel the passion in your eyes... ♪
I don't like this guy.
I liked the last guy better.
Bring him back.
♪ You know I can't get enough
I love that shit ♪
You love that shit ♪
♪ You know I can't get enough
Give me all that shit ♪
♪ Can't get enough ♪
♪ You know I can't get enough
I love that shit ♪
You love that shit ♪
- ♪ You know I can't get enough ♪
- Give me all that shit.
♪ Can't get enough of you ♪
♪ I'm still in love ♪
♪ With you boy ♪
♪ It's the way you love me
The way you touch me ♪
♪ It's the way look at me ♪
♪ Can't get enough ♪
♪ Of you boy ♪
[music ends]
[husbands' voices overlapping]
She doesn't listen.
You know. she thinks I'm her employee.
All she cares about is work. okay?
When she's not working.
she's trying to find more work.
Add in the defensiveness
and constant criticism.
I apologized a million times...
It's never enough for you.
Can't you just be happy?
[Husband III] I just. I feel like I'm...
...another thing in her house.
Piece of art in your collection.
- It's bullshit.
- Okay. this is who I am.
And you treat me like shit.
This isn't healthy.
[soft music playing]
I just wanna be happy.
And being with him...
With you...
feels like home.
But I left home for a reason.
- I don't think this is going to work.
- Don't.
Thank you. This was helpful.
Come on. You'll be back.
No. I won't.
I love you.
No. you don't.
♪ Can't get enough ♪
♪ Of you boy ♪
[music ends]
[Virgo] Damn. Goodbye. Pisces.
- And Virgo.
- And Cancer.
She's running out of signs.
I had a...
an Aquarius. a Sagittarius...
Stunning.
You like Leos?
How do you feel about younger men?
Boundaries. bro.
I hate that I can't stop watching.
It's like a Vanderpump Rules marathon
and it's four in the morning.
and I stop judging them
and I start judging myself.
Love that show.
The reunion?
Oh! Messy.
That was not cute.
She just can't see what's most important.
She runs right through them
like she's a man-eater.
but that's not what's happening.
That's not who she is.
Is that what they're calling her?
Oh. worse than that.
That's so shady.
They got nothing better to do.
She is bound to go in circles
unless she rises...
Above her physical self.
Yeah! She gotta rise up.
I'ma need a "get right".
Know what I'm saying?
- The journey is within.
- She gotta look in the mirror.
[Cancer] But why can't we help her
just a little bit?
- Yeah?
- No.
- Definitely not.
- No!
- Hell no.
Yeah. no. I meant no.
She's gotta come out
of that dark room on her own.
You must respect the ebb and flow
of the universe.
Right.
We can't intervene.
- We can't.
- [sighs]
That's what friends are for.
[The Artist laughs]
- Then she--
- She fell afterwards.
Right. Right.
What? What are you guys doing here?
Is it my birthday?
- Happy birthday.
- Thank you. No.
- Damn.
- No. no. no.
Why don't you just sit down?
Why don't you leave?
What are you doing here in my house?
Who let you in?
- Maybe we should--
- [Mike] Uh. no.
- oh. my God. no.
- Yes.
Enough with the eggshells.
It's an intervention.
We are here because...
Because we care about you.
- [snorts]
- Shit. um...
- I'm sorry.
- Should I go?
- I should go.
- No!
- I'm gonna go.
- No. no!
[The Idealist] Absolutely. you should go.
- No. no. no. Bobby. no.
- You sure?
No.
[Mike] Who's this tosser?
- It's not gonna take long?
- [Bobby] You sure?
- Promise.
- Okay.
All right. why don't you tell me
why you think I need an in--
[The Idealist] Oh! No.
- Classy. Maybe you should go.
- [overlapping] Oh! No!
This fucking guy.
I have a license! I have a license!
- [Mike] Who is this man?
- It's a toy gun.
- It's a toy?
- I just wanna--
- [The Artist] That is a toy gun.
- You're so jumpy.
- Damn.
- Pew-pew-pew-pew-pew. Okay?
- How old is he?
- That's inappropriate.
- You need to go.
- Can we see a license?
- Okay. hold on. You--
- All right. relax.
Relax. He does security.
- [The Idealist] Security? Really?
- Yeah. Yeah.
Gotta make sure the bag is protected.
- What are we doing here?
- I'm gonna go.
- Yeah. I know.
- No. No.
- You take care of whatever this is.
- No.
- No. please don't go. Please.
- I love you.
- [The Idealist] Bye! Adios!
- Don't leave. Please.
- Just call me.
- I will. okay. I love you.
He loves her.
- Love you?
- No. you don't.
- No. Foul.
- Love?
[door closes]
All right. let's get this over with.
Are you serious with this guy?
God. We're just having fun.
- We see all the signs.
- Like what?
Like. you're out partying
on a random Tuesday.
That's not a sign.
I know my signs.
Okay. that's not what this is about.
- What is it about?
- [The Realist] It's about you.
About your need to be in a relationship.
My God. we are just having fun!
It's like. "I love you. babe."
And I'm like. "I love you too. babe."
And that's it.
We're not serious. We're not serious.
We think you might be a sex addict.
What?
- Oh. God. Come on.
- Maybe.
I'm the most monogamous one
out of all of us.
[The Realist] You are
a relationship addict.
running from one relationship to the next.
Okay.
You have a problem.
I have a problem?
You haven't been in a relationship
since the sixth grade.
You go from random hookup to random hookup
so you don't have to get close to anybody.
You just think your feelings all day.
- You write romance novels in your head.
- They're not all in my head.
You'd rather get into an argument
than have sex.
- So?
- And you. you klepto.
You're not even comfortable
being with you.
- Wow.
- [Mike] That's okay.
That's all right. You're okay.
What is wrong with wanting
to spend your life with someone?
[sad music playing]
Why does everybody act
like that is so crazy?
Just to...
wanna grow old together.
What am I doing wrong?
[Joe] It's very romantic.
but it's not real love.
- [dog whines]
- [sighs] I know. baby.
How do you feel about the intervention?
They're just trying to help.
I know what they say about me.
About hopeless romantics. that we're weak.
But I'm not weak.
It takes strength
to keep believing in something
after you keep falling flat on your face.
And I do.
I do. Joe. I believe in magic.
I believe good things happen
if you're a good person.
I believe...
in soulmates and signs and hummingbirds.
I believe that love never dies
and forever is real
- and as long as I can--
- [alarm beeps]
Time's up.
Let's pick this back up next week.
[phone vibrating]
Wife is calling. One sec.
Hey. what's up. Mama?
- I'm with a patient.
- You talking to her again?
I told you you need to let her go...
Love Addicts Anonymous.
Are you kidding me?
We've been doing this for years.
How long are you gonna keep
banging your head up against the wall?
Just try it.
Let's go. Fluffy.
[soft music playing]
[actor on TV] There's no time ever
to just relax and enjoy living.
Everything is too serious
to be so serious.
[actress on TV] If I push too hard.
it's because I want things to be better.
I want us to be better.
I want you to be better.
Sure I make waves. I mean. you have to.
I'll keep making them
until you're every wonderful thing
you should be and will be.
You'll never find anyone
as good for you as I am.
To believe in you as much as I do.
Or love you as much.
- I know that.
- Well. then. why?
Do you think if I come back
it's gonna be okay by magic?
What's gonna be changed?
What's gonna be different?
We'll both be wrong. We'll both lose.
[actress] Couldn't we both win?
[actor laughs]
Oh. [huffs]
[actress] Look...
- She's been watching that every day till--
- Four in the morning.
At least she's not shopping online
for a new wedding dress.
She's broken. bro.
Is she. though?
It's a cry for help.
Oh. I'm gonna start a novena.
Here we go.
Lord. please help my girl.
Let's please help her.
Help her love cost a thing.
That's what I'm talking about.
Lift herself up. I need her to stand up.
I need her to figure it out.
I need her to understand who she is.
Look deep inside
and really rectify the wrongs.
Take a break out of these delusions
and to rise up into the sky.
And as my friend Maya Angelou would say.
"When you know who you are
no one can stop you
from being that person."
Stun.
And that is what we need. Amen. Amen.
It should work.
It's amazing how long humans can go
before they get it.
[LAA Leader] This is
Love Addicts Anonymous.
Thanks for joining us.
Well.
We have a new face tonight.
Hi. [huffs]
- [LAA Leader] Hi.
- [group] Hi.
I-I don't know how this works. Do I just--
Do I just talk?
Why don't we start
with why you came to see me?
Okay. Um...
I haven't been sleeping well. lately.
I guess I never have. [huffs]
[soft music playing]
When I was little. I used to share
a room with my sister and. um...
I used to be so jealous of her
because she used to.
she used to sleep so peacefully.
like a rock.
And I just used to lie there awake.
thinking.
how does anybody sleep that way?
When your heart never goes to sleep.
I guess I always had a restless heart.
Um...
I had a broken heart once.
Long time ago.
All my friends. they told me.
you know. to slow down and...
I'm serious.
Be by myself for a while. take it easy.
You should spend some time alone.
I didn't.
[bell tolls]
So. here I am.
Ten years and three divorces later.
[scoffs]
My therapist fired me.
so now it's just me and Fluffy.
[group chuckling]
You know. I used to think
that it was everybody else
that was broken.
But now I think...
maybe it was just me.
[♪ Jennifer Lopez: "Broken Like Me"]
♪ I loved you so much ♪
♪ And that messed me up ♪
♪ Gave what I could ♪
♪ But it wasn't enough ♪
♪ You drifted away ♪
♪ Left me so numb ♪
♪ Tears on my gown ♪
♪ Look what you've done ♪
♪ And I tried to be honest ♪
♪ But it made me feel weak ♪
♪ And when I think about it ♪
♪ It brings me to my knees ♪
♪ I thought my life was over ♪
♪ I thought hell could be real ♪
♪ Was I all on my own ♪
♪ Or did you ever feel ♪
♪ Broken like me ♪
♪ Searching for love ♪
♪ In all that you see ♪
♪ Broken like me ♪
♪ Tried to believe ♪
♪ That I could fix you ♪
♪ But you're broken Iike me ♪
♪ Next one was young ♪
♪ Didn't last very long ♪
♪ Dysfunctional fun ♪
♪ So I had to move on ♪
♪ Two babies at home ♪
♪ Mama had to be strong ♪
♪ In battle for love ♪
♪ In a war of my own ♪
♪ And I tried to be honest ♪
♪ But it made me feel weak ♪
♪ And when I think about it ♪
♪ It brings me to my knees ♪
♪ Couldn't look in the mirror ♪
♪ Afraid what I'd see ♪
♪ 'Cause I still loved you ♪
♪ Loved you more than me ♪
♪ Broken like me ♪
♪ Covered in scars ♪
♪ Now this is me ♪
♪ Broken like me ♪
♪ Hard to believe ♪
♪ There's no other way ♪
♪ I'd want it to be ♪
♪ Broken like me ♪
♪ All of my flaws and you still love me ♪
♪ You always believed ♪
♪ You could find love ♪
♪ With someone broken like me ♪
That was really powerful. what you shared.
Thanks.
Are we gonna see you again next week?
I know. You feel like nobody gets you.
I don't even get me.
[soft music playing]
[thunder rumbling]
[eerie sigh]
It's time to give up on all
the old childhood myths and fairy tales.
- [knocking in background]
- [dog whimpers]
Like Alida and Taroo.
Maybe the hummingbird
never finds its flower.
[music ends]
[doorbell rings]
We've all been worried about you and. um...
Where've you been?
I've been...
going through it.
That's life. innit? [chuckles]
You heading somewhere?
- Yeah. Therapy.
- Oh.
- He took me back.
- Oh. yeah. good.
Turns out you were right all these years.
There are no soulmates.
There are no signs.
No happily ever after.
[soft music playing]
It's just... silly. [huffs]
No. No.
Don't be so sure.
This is for you.
This is because of you.
A wedding invitation?
Can you believe it?
He's getting married.
The cynic?
Yeah. Mike.
You gonna go?
[huffs]
I hate weddings.
I had another dream last night.
It was a weird one. It was different.
Tell me about it.
I was back home
in the old neighborhood where we grew up.
And it was. like. foggy and dark and...
creepy as shit.
[sinister music playing]
And all of my old friends were there.
Hey. look. Big Time's back.
Hey!
I see this is still your favorite corner.
- You know it.
- Knew she'll come back.
Nah. you said she'd never
make it out the Bronx.
Messing with me for never being back home.
And Louis was there too.
Your first crush?
Yeah.
But he's old. you know.
And he says...
Flowers don't grow in the Bronx.
And I say...
Sometimes they do.
Then what happens?
I just keep walking.
And I had this feeling
like something's following me.
But every time I look back
there's no one there.
I'm getting more and more nervous.
[train horn blares]
So I start walking faster and faster.
I end up right across the street
from my old house
in front of the Botanica.
[Joe] I know the one.
[The Artist] And I look in the window.
What do you see?
Red roses.
[Joe] Like in the hummingbird story?
No. like. like in the heart factory dream.
And I'm staring at them
and this big shadow comes over me.
All of a sudden it reaches out... [gasps]
I don't wanna do this.
- Let's just keep going.
- No. I don't--
Someone grabs you.
- [exhales]
- [Joe] Who is it?
[whispers] It's me.
But I'm little. like...
eight or nine years old.
Dirty and covered with cuts and bruises.
Does she say anything?
I didn't get enough love.
From Mom and Dad?
From you.
You left me alone.
She's mad at me.
[Joe] What do you wanna say
to that little girl?
I love you.
No. you love everybody else but me.
- I do. I l--
- Liar!
No.
- Hey.
- [Little Jenny whimpers]
[soft music playing]
I love you.
She says...
Say it again.
[whispers] I love you.
What do you wanna tell her?
I'm sorry.
[♪ Jennifer Lopez: "This Is Me... Now"]
♪ I watched my mother ♪
♪ Miss out on her life ♪
♪ All those could-have-beens
Became her sacrifice ♪
♪ But here in the darkness ♪
♪ It's not the future nor the past ♪
♪ And 'cause it's meant to be with you
Boy. it will last ♪
♪ You met me halfway ♪
♪ Growing pains
Broke some chains ♪
♪ In every chapter ♪
♪ Now we know
What it takes ♪
♪ For our ever-after ♪
♪ Took some lefts
Now we right here where we are ♪
♪ And I sing ♪
♪ This is me now ♪
♪ And I took my time ♪
♪ Lot of winters summers baby ♪
♪ Had to heal my heart ♪
♪ But I love who I am lately ♪
♪ This is me now ♪
♪ When I was a girl
They'd ask me what I'd be ♪
♪ A woman in love
Is what I grew up wanting to be ♪
♪ It's my melody the symphony I sing... ♪
[woman on PA] Petal supply increasing.
♪ And your every word
Gave me strength to follow my dreams ♪
♪ You met me halfway
Face to face... ♪
[woman on PA] Seal interior chamber.
♪ No holding back ♪
♪ We put in work
Overcame all the disasters ♪
♪ Time apart
Brought us right here where we are ♪
♪ Where we're meant to be
And I sing ♪
♪ This is me now ♪
♪ Love me as I am ♪
♪ This is me now... ♪
[woman on PA] Restart in progress.
♪ And I took my time ♪
♪ Lot of winters summers baby ♪
♪ Had to heal my heart ♪
♪ But I love who I am lately ♪
♪ This is me now ♪
♪ Had a lot to learn
Had a lot to grow ♪
♪ Had to find my way ♪
♪ Take me as I am ♪
♪ And I'll take you as you are ♪
♪ And we'll build this life together ♪
♪ I found my shooting star... ♪
[woman on PA] Heart factory online.
[rhythmic heartbeats]
♪ The double the shine
The greener the diamond ♪
♪ One of a kind
The clearer the timing ♪
♪ Ain't nothing change
You know paps goin' crazy beep beep ♪
♪ Pull up in a black Bugazzi
Baby got a love that'll last forever ♪
♪ Old tingz new tingz it's a new level
All gas no brakes you could come rev it ♪
♪ Baby you know when you want me ♪
♪ I'm ready I'm ready I'm ready ♪
♪ This is me now... ♪
[woman on PA] Heart systems restored.
[rhythmic heartbeats]
Stop.
Now.
♪ This is me now ♪
She did it.
She really did.
- [excited shout]
- [Gemini] I can't believe I'm crying.
- Whoa!
- Damn. this light is hot.
So bright. Feels good. though.
[Leo] Fairy tales.
I love happy endings.
Don't be gross.
I can't believe it happened.
I know. I can't believe it happened.
How did this happen?
On a molecular level.
from the attraction
of atoms to each other.
we see signs of love
woven into the very fabric of our nature.
Nature?
We're all made of stardust.
Stardust.
- Ancient energy from the stars.
- Yeah.
Those little molecules dancing inside us?
That. too. is love.
It's the unifying force
that creates harmony
- in a world of division.
- All right. babe.
A world of conflict.
Peace is love.
Progress is love.
Faith is love.
- You are love.
- [bell tolls]
Shh...
Did you just shush me?
Sh-sh-sh-shut up.
- We're witnessing a--
- Did you hear that?
The nuptial bells are ringing.
[gasps] What is with this woman
and weddings?
[bells tolling]
[♪ Jennifer Lopez:
"Midnight Trip to Vegas"]
♪ I always dreamed
That I'd find somebody like you ♪
♪ We're drowning
In orchid arrangements ♪
♪ Dresses and pastries
What if it's raining. yeah ♪
♪ Is this what we've been dreaming of ♪
♪ It's crowded with families and agents ♪
♪ Room reservations. which destination ♪
♪ Paps. helicopters. event of the ages ♪
♪ Caught in the matrix ♪
♪ Then you whispered in my ear ♪
♪ Said let's get out of here ♪
♪ We can disappear tonight ♪
♪ What about a midnight trip to Vegas ♪
♪ Just me and you baby ♪
♪ Throw the kids in the back
Of the pink Cadillac ♪
♪ And us in the bathroom changing ♪
♪ Midnight trip to Vegas ♪
♪ Both our hearts are racin' ♪
♪ I'll pick you up late
We don't have to wait ♪
♪ Yeah let's do something crazy ♪
♪ Woohoo woohoo woohoo ooo ♪
♪ Woohoo woohoo woohoo ooo... ♪
[phone ringing]
- Great session.
- [laughs]
Forgot to ask you.
How was the wedding?
It was nice.
["Midnight to Vegas" resumes]
Glad it wasn't mine.
All the friends were there.
you know. the whole group.
[Mike] Hey. guys. this is it.
Mike was so nervous. It was sweet.
[Joe] Did you go alone?
Did you have a plus-one?
Just me.
Felt good to be there alone.
It was kinda nice
seeing all those people in love.
Reminding me that it's still out there.
I was really happy for them.
You know. I remember thinking
I have these amazing friends
and this incredible life. you know.
And I'm good on my own.
I'm happy.
Whatever happens...
Whoever happens...
If nothing happens...
I'm good.
[music ends]
You know. it's raining outside.
if you need a ride.
Think I'm gonna take the bus.
I like the rain. Magical things happen.
- Okay. Miss Independent.
- [chuckles]
So you're still waiting
for this grand sign from the universe?
Always.
See you next Thursday.
[soft music playing]
[ethereal music playing]
[♪ Jennifer Lopez: "Hummingbird"]
♪ I wanna be there for you ♪
♪ You make me wanna say ♪
♪ Make me better every day ♪
♪ I'm your hummingbird
Baby open your eyes ♪
♪ Hummingbird. I be sending you signs ♪
♪ Sending you signs
Sending sending you signs yeah ♪
♪ I'm your hummingbird
Baby open your eyes ♪
♪ Hummingbird. I be sending you signs ♪
♪ Flying high. tryna tell you it's fine ♪
♪ Tell you what you need to hear babe ♪
♪ 'Cause you help me be ♪
♪ The best version of me ♪
♪ Help you be. I'll help you be ♪
♪ And all I wanna do
Is help you be the best version of you ♪
♪ 'Cause you help me be ♪
♪ The best version of me ♪
♪ And all I wanna do
Is help you be the best version of you ♪
♪ With love ♪
♪ With all of my love... ♪
What are you doing?
You can never give up. Joe.
Never give up.
[thunder rumbles]
[hopeful music playing]
[The Artist] Have you ever heard the story
of Alida and Taroo?
[♪ Jennifer Lopez:
"Greatest Love Story Never Told"]
♪ Different roads two lost souls ♪
♪ Never thought we'd find our way back ♪
♪ Could have lost what matters most ♪
♪ How could I live with that ♪
♪ Missing your body
Climbing on top of me ♪
♪ Slippin' inside of me ♪
♪ Way that I ride it. bodies aligning ♪
♪ Look at our timing ♪
♪ Forget about the world ♪
♪ When we're alone ♪
♪ Only thing that ever felt
Felt like home ♪
♪ Twenty years ago ♪
♪ Feels like time has froze... ♪
No. Mamita. you're embarrassing me.
I'm with a patient.
Do you agree? You damn well better.
Did you think about that
before you said it?
Or that just came out?
They're so obsessed with each other.
♪ You take a little right
Down the middle... ♪
She's a sunflower.
Make sure I do it right. y'all.
Don't have me out here fucking it up.
This gotta be one of the weirdest things
I've ever done in my life.
I need a nap. You all done wore me out.
That's love.
You mess with the bull. you get the horns.
You shall always be loved.
♪ We're living in
The greatest love story ever told ♪
♪ We never let it go ♪
♪ And never told a soul ♪
♪ We could have been
The greatest love story never told ♪
♪ Then I wrote the love we spoke ♪
♪ The story goes... ♪
That's not true.
I read an article about how
the human body adapts to heartbreak
and there's actually
a lot of health benefits to being alone.
You just can't make this shit up.
I tell you.
♪ Twenty years ago ♪
♪ Feels like time has froze ♪
♪ We're living in
The greatest love story ever told ♪
♪ We never let it go
And never told a soul ♪
♪ We could have been
The greatest love story never told ♪
♪ Twenty years ago ♪
♪ Feels like time has froze ♪
♪ We're living in
The greatest love story ever told ♪
♪ We never let it go
And never told a soul ♪
♪ We could have been
The greatest love story never told... ♪
Loving yourself
means never having to say
I'm lonely.
It means old Rexy
can go down to the lobby bar.
order the oysters and a club soda.
and go to bed smiling.
Even though the waitress was mean
as a diabetic honey badger.
Because only you
can let the love in your heart die.
And you should never let it die.
[♪ Jennifer Lopez: "Mad in Love"]
♪ You are my heart you're my everything
Oh baby ♪
♪ Wrote me that letter
Then you gave me that ring oh baby ♪
♪ Two decades later
And it still hit the same ♪
♪ Won't lose you. won't lose you
Won't lose you. not this time ♪
♪ 'Cause this is how it feels
If heaven is a place ♪
♪ Came back into my life
You opened up the gates ♪
♪ With you it's paradise
And it was worth the wait ♪
♪ And baby this is fate yeah yeah ♪
♪ Got me mad in love like ooh ooh ooh ♪
♪ You got me mad in love
I'll never get enough ♪
♪ Ooh ooh ooh ooh ♪
♪ Forever's real with ya
Oh yeah. oh yeah ♪
♪ Ooh ooh ooh ♪
♪ You got me mad in love
Who'da thought it be us ♪
♪ Ooh ooh ooh ooh ♪
♪ Baby I'm mad in love with ya ♪
♪ Mad in love with ya ♪
♪ I can't get enough ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm so. 'cause I'm so mad in ♪
♪ No fairy tales thought they didn't exist
Oh baby ♪
♪ Wished on a star and you showed me
They did. you changed me ♪
♪ Say what they say
But they don't how it feels ♪
♪ To love you the way that I love you
Not this time ♪
♪ 'Cause this is how it feels
If heaven is a place ♪
♪ Came back into my life
You opened up gates ♪
♪ With you it's paradise
And it was worth the wait ♪
♪ And baby this is fate. yeah yeah ♪
♪ Got me mad in love like
Ooh ooh ooh ♪
♪ You got me mad in love
I'll never get enough ♪
♪ Ooh ooh ooh ooh ♪
♪ Forever's real with ya
Ah yeah. ah yeah ♪
♪ Ooh ooh ooh ♪
♪ You got me mad in love
Who'da thought it be us ♪
♪ Ooh ooh ooh ooh ♪
♪ Baby I'm mad in love with ya ♪
♪ It's me and you Bentley coupe
Show the kids how we do ♪
♪ We got the stars in the roof
But the real one is you ♪
♪ We in the hills. couple goals
Yeah we really that cute ♪
♪ Yeah we really that cute
Lookin' like 22 yeah ♪
♪ We keep stuntin'
Keep it 100 ♪
♪ Gettin' rich off love
Like I'm getting this money ♪
♪ We keep stuntin'
Can't say nothin' ♪
♪ Gettin' rich off love
To the bank we runnin' ♪
♪ Ooh ooh ooh ♪
♪ You got me mad in love
I'll never get enough ♪
♪ Ooh ooh ooh ooh ♪
♪ Forever is real with ya
Ah yeah. ah yeah ♪
♪ Ooh ooh ooh ♪
♪ You got me mad in love
Who'da thought it be us ♪
♪ Ooh ooh ooh ooh ♪
♪ Baby I'm mad in love with ya ♪
♪ Mad in love
And the things you do ♪
Can't get enough of you ♪
♪ I can't get enough ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm so. 'cause I'm so mad in ♪
[♪ Jennifer Lopez:
"Not. Going. Anywhere."]
♪ There's that brand new Jenny ♪
♪ Oh yeah ♪
♪ You know we're rockin'
This time around ♪
♪ No love lost
A lot of time spent ♪
♪ If I don't feel love
Then it don't make sense ♪
♪ Paid my dues like I pay my rent ♪
♪ Been through the rough part
But it made me a gem ♪
♪ You said hey little one
It's been a li'l minute ♪
♪ You been on my mind
Please tell me how you been ♪
♪ Wanna feel love
And once you let me in ♪
♪ I'll never leave again ♪
♪ Sincerely hugs and kisses ♪
♪ Affectionately always ♪
♪ After you
I was just a hopeless romantic ♪
♪ Been broken and damaged ♪
♪ Missed your calls still managed ♪
♪ Now I'm not going anywhere ♪
♪ Eternally yours
I don't feel that fading ♪
♪ Looking at my man
Like that's my baby ♪
♪ You holding my hand
Like that's my lady ♪
♪ Thinking ‘bout it now
I was hoping you'd save me ♪
♪ Call me up spell it out
Baby I was missing you still ♪
♪ I just didn't know how to say it ♪
♪ Songs that I wrote
Wondered if you'd play it ♪
♪ Now you inbox
'Cause you still my favorite ♪
♪ When I let you inside it
You decided to sign it. to sign it ♪
♪ Body language oh I like it
I'm excited can't fight it ♪
♪ When I run into you now. baby
It's the perfect timing ♪
♪ To dine in. to dive in ♪
♪ I wanna hear it from ya mouth
Baby tell me where ya mind is ♪
♪ Just chime in
Now I'm not going anywhere ♪
[♪ Jennifer Lopez: "This Time Around"]
♪ All my cards laid out ♪
♪ I'm going all-in right now ♪
♪ No more playin' around ♪
♪ Time to do what we talkin' about ♪
♪ No bluffs no act ♪
♪ What they know about a love like that ♪
♪ We got it bad ♪
♪ That's a fact. that's a fact ♪
♪ All that fake shit you can't sell me ♪
♪ Nothing you can tell me ♪
♪ I've been waiting so long
Finally found it ♪
♪ Ain't no way. baby
We can live without it ♪
♪ All that bullshit just don't phase us ♪
♪ All the hate couldn't break us ♪
♪ 'Cause when you know better
You do better ♪
♪ We get to have a do-over. forever ♪
♪ This time around we gon' do it right ♪
♪ We gon' do this shit
For the rest of our life ♪
♪ This time around ♪
♪ We gon' make it real
We don't give a **** ♪
♪ ‘Bout how they feel ♪
♪ This time around ♪
♪ Do it how we like ♪
♪ We gon' have the best time
Of our lives ♪
♪ This time around ♪
♪ We gon' seal the deal ♪
♪ We don't give a ****
'Bout how they feel ♪
♪ This time around. this time around ♪
♪ Baby if you can
Can you take the time ♪
♪ To put me first
To ease my mind ♪
♪ To cherish this
Cherish it for life ♪
♪ Never take for granted
That I'm your wife ♪
♪ All that fake shit you can't sell me ♪
♪ Nothing you can tell me ♪
♪ I've been waiting so long
Finally found it ♪
♪ Ain't no way baby
We can live without it ♪
♪ All that bullshit just don't phase us ♪
♪ All the hate couldn't break us ♪
♪ 'Cause when you know better
You do better ♪
♪ We get to have a do-over. forever ♪
♪ This time around
We gon' do it right ♪
♪ We gon' do this shit
For the rest of our lives ♪
♪ This time around
We gon' make it real ♪
♪ We don't give a ****
'Bout how they feel ♪
♪ This time around. this time around ♪
♪ This time is gonna be different baby ♪
♪ We got a family ♪
♪ This time around. this time around ♪
♪ Love came back to me ♪
Okay. How about you? Okay.
- Oh! Oh!
- [crowd gasping]
Okay. Mmm.
- Oh. Okay.
- What? What?
[happy music playing]
- No. No more.
- You got some there.
- Mmm. Mmm.
- Okay.
- No! No more.
- [loud laughing]